but have bar now he will need
train only managed to fish
the attack provoked night and now it has been
tried to go up there, I 'll explain in the
singing explains that he almost managed to kill
he finishes a radio of 20 films and
felipe playing very right
Ah, I'm a foreigner.
um people are still listening trains
just set up here inside
auditorium was listening to what we are
talking then beauty guys get it
following who has a problem with
connection is just the next click with the
right on top of goal
the video screen you are watching and
places low quality personal places
low quality the trick you have to
you continue to watch a quality
Good, but he 'll give you a break because
will be a little bit similar and
It should improve for you click with the
right on the screen you are
watching pelé has low quality
beauty a strong will come back here for nothing
you very well annulled by Felipe he
now you are feeling very comfortable
do not be intimidated by the cable is
guessing my wife is doing
very much pressure and I liked the miller
of the minutes is very strong also in the capital
but it was now does not look so comfortable
As soon
now I was a little space but already
it's in the back corner it's going to be going
analyze very consistently and
no female philippines
although he judges that this eighth
He not held and winning the trophy ends
with him
michel philippot winning this trick she
helped but I also highlighted the game here
of kmt was curitibano tietê is playing
very well and fully and now we will arrive
we have now finished the engine count now
You will be happy because they will have more to
our little screen